Marcio/stream image resizing UI improvement (#1794)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/images/src/content/enable-image-resizing.md

---
order: 1
title: Get started
pcx-content-type: how-to
---

# Enable Image Resizing

To use Image Resizing you first need to enable it via the Speed app of your Cloudflare dashboard:

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/).
1. Click the **account** for the domain you want to use with Image Resizing.
1. Select the **domain** where you will be using Image Resizing.
1. Click on the **Speed** app.

  <div class="large-img">

  ![Image Resizing options in Cloudflare's dashboard](static/image-resizing.png)

  </div>

1. Click the **Optimization** tab.

> 1. Under **File Size Optimization**, locate Image Resizing and toggle the switch to **On**.

Reviewer: Maybe just "Under **File Size Optimization**, enable **Image Resizing**".

> 1. If you don't want to resize images from any origin, uncheck **Resize images from any origin**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If you do not want to resize images from any origin, uncheck **Resize images from any origin**.
```

> 

Reviewer: Keep just one empty line here.

> <Aside type="note" header="Note:">

Reviewer: I usually don't end an aside header with a colon (`:`). I'd only use a colon if "Note:" was at the beginning of the first sentence (not as a header).

> Image Resizing defaults to resizing images from **any domain**. If you want to prevent third parties from resizing any image at any origin, uncheck **Resize images from any origin**. When unchecked, Image Resizing will only resize images that are in the enabled zone. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Image Resizing defaults to resizing images from **any domain**. To prevent third parties from resizing any image at any origin, uncheck **Resize images from any origin**. When unchecked, Image Resizing will only resize images that are in the enabled zone. 
```
